# Assignment1
A 30 Minute Film Festival website for New Dhabi/Abu York film by Aruzhan Zhakaibekova.

DOCUMENTATION
Project Name: New Dhabi/Abu York 

Project Description: This project is about the film created for the 30 Minute Film Festival. The official premiere website is intended to spark viewers' attention towards the film, thus, it had to build on the atmosphere of the film. Since our video is based on scenes from two cities, I wanted to translate the idea of city life through colors and design. I wanted the website to have a modern and elegant feel, be readable and easy in use. The website is intended to look like a real premiere website that can be found on the web.  

Process: The background image shows Abu Dhabi and New York at night, with the images fading and merging at the center. This is supposed to highlight the parallels between the two cities evoked in the film. I used dark grey, yellow, and white colors in CSS to emulate the colors seen in a nighttime city. The home page opens with a large embedded video, something that I noticed in many other actual film premiere websites. The header has a top navbar with other pages and social media icons so that the user can navigate the website easily and share their thoughts through social media. The footer has some text about the filmmaking studio, as well as a hashtag for the film, which a lot of contemporary films use. The footer is fixed to the bottom of the page through CSS. The background image is imported through CSS and is attached to the window in order for it to stay when the user scrolls through. The synopsis page offers some explanation on the film and the filmmakers' bios. Various divs were created in HTML in order to structure the page in an appropriate manner. Throughout the website, I decided to use Roboto font for its modern feel. I chose a semi-transparent background for the divs with text in CSS, since I felt like it adds to the contemporary style of the website. I used flexbox in order to make bios intuitive and readable, with the photo and text side-by-side. The gallery page uses HTML, CSS, and JavaScript in order to showcase a carousel of images (a film poster, scenes from the film). I used dots/indicators on top of the carousel for users to know how many images there are in total. Forward/backward icons are configured through JavaScript and allow for user interactivity. The reviews page showcases some of the reviews the film got, which adds to the feel of the website being real. I used flexbox in CSS to arrange the text and logos in readable manner. I made logos approximately the same size in order to have consistency throughout the page. The text changes color from white to yellow (using hover in CSS) when the mouse hovers over it for user interactivity. 

Reflection: Looking at my initial wireframe, I believe that I achieved the goal for my home page. I was able to arrange and style items (the header, top navbar, the video, footer) in a way that draws attention to the video and creates a modern look. I made some changes from the initial wireframe, because in the process, I realized that it might not be cohesive. For instance, I changed the synopsis page layout, because the initial plan looked outdated upon implementation. Since that interfered with my concept, I used a different layout that aided the concept. At the beginning, I wanted the reviews to be in a carousel, but I had trouble implementing it. Additionally, I got some feedback from my friends saying that it might be not easy in use and not intuitive. As such, I decided to make a gallery page using the carousel technique. I am satisfied with how it turned out and with how it fits in with the page. However, my reviews page did not meet my expectations. Instead of carousel, I wanted to use event listeners in JavaScript to show review text when mouse enters the area of the newspaper logo. After working on it and debuggging, it still did not work properly. I wasn't able to resolve this challenge and decided to use the option of changing the text color. 
